ENH: Switch to `JupyterLab` (#200)
carpentries-incubator/SDC-BIDS-dMRI: setup.md

title: Setup
---

> This lesson uses [JupyterLab] as a web-based interactive computational
> environment for learning. The `Jupyter` notebooks can be run through [Binder],
> which builds a computing environment with all of the necessary software
> pre-installed. However, users may choose to run the notebooks locally. In that
> case, there are several pieces of software that must be installed. Although the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lesson uses [JupyterLab] as a web-based interactive computational
environment for learning. `JupyterLab` integrates a text editor, terminal and `Jupyter Notebooks` through a single user-friendly interface, which will be used to run any code for the lesson. The `JupyterLab` instance and all of the necessary software have already been pre-installed on [Binder]. Users may choose to use this platform to get up and running much quicker, or may choose to run the notebooks locally. If running
locally, there are several pieces of software that must be installed. Although the
```

Author: Done in 08512d6. Thanks @josephmje .
